ENH: add some missing properties to read info (#365)
geopandas/pyogrio: CHANGES.md

# CHANGELOG

## ???

### Improvements

> -   Add some missing properties to `read_info` (#365)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add additional properties to `read_info`, including layer name, geometry name, and FID column name (#365)
```

### Improvements

> -   Add some missing properties to `read_info`, including layer name, geometryname

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add some missing properties to `read_info`, including layer name, geometry name
```
